Add webhook feature (#12)
Jobindex/spectura: README.adoc

curl 'http://localhost:19165/api/spectura/v0/screenshot?url=https://pyjam.as&expire=2000000000' | kitty +kitten icat
----

=== Webhook

To get webhook updates you can set the `WEBHOOK_URL` and the `WEBHOOK_AUTHORIZATION_HEADER`.

> The `WEBHOOK_URL` will be called with a JSON body looking like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `WEBHOOK_URL` will receive a `POST` request with the `Authorization` header set to the value in `WEBHOOK_AUTHORIZATION_HEADER` and a JSON body looking like this:
```
